Implement automatic implementations of up and downcasting (#1159)
KDAB/cxx-qt: book/src/concepts/casting.md

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Klarälvdalens Datakonsult AB, a KDAB Group company <info@kdab.com>
SPDX-FileContributor: Ben Ford <ben.ford@kdab.com>

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT OR Apache-2.0
-->

> # Casting

Reviewer: wonder if we note somewhere how this only is implemented for RustQt types for now that have qobject attribute and optionally the base attribute.

As in a future PR support will be added for C++Qt (hopefully the next PR ;-) )

With the [base](../bridge/attributes.md) attribute, it is possible to inherit from another type.
In order to access this parent class, we provide an API to cast up or down.

## Accessing the base class

To access the methods of a base class in Rust, use the `Upcast` trait like so `use cxx_qt::Upcast`.
Objects with base classes can then be accessed with the following methods

| Self Type        | Method         |
|------------------|----------------|
| `&self`          | `upcast()`     |
| `&mut self`      | `upcast_mut()` |
| `Pin<&mut self>` | `upcast_pin()` |

This will then return a reference to the base in the same format as the self type, e.g. `upcast()` returns `&Base`, etc...

## Accessing the child class

This also works in the opposite direction, allowing access to the child a base class was obtained from.
To do this, use the `Downcast` trait like so `use cxx_qt::Downcast`.
The child can then be accessed in the same manner, with the following methods

| Self Type        | Method           |
|------------------|------------------|
| `&self`          | `downcast()`     |
| `&mut self`      | `downcast_mut()` |
| `Pin<&mut self>` | `downcast_pin()` |

> These will return an `Option<T>`, as it is possible that downcasting will not be available,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These will return an `Option<T>`, as it is possible that downcasting will fail, if the type is not actually of the given subclass,
```
The downcast is always "available", it will just fail if the type is not right.
